  (Start of Tutorial stage 1)
    {begin cutscene "start"}
  You start running away from a wolf
  You run into a grove of trees avoiding the wolf. You break your flashlight when you run into a tree leaving you only with your Camera.
    {end of cutscene "start"}
  The flash of your Camera allows you to see for a split second.
  You are able to look at the photo for a reference.
   You explore your surrounding and start trying to survive and get used to your new found blindness.

(End of Tutorial stage 1)
You walk towards a (field or a forest) and something catches you. 
You are knocked unconscious 

  (Start of Tutorial stage 2)
  You wake up in a mysterious cave with people ripped open with no flesh or organs inside their body and their mouths still open like they are screaming, as if eaten alive.
  You see a figure about 15 feet tall with an emaciated, haggard body, creepily speaking with a voice a man you remember from the missing person on the news. 
You realize you need to escape quickly by retrieving your camera and sneaking out or else you fear the fate of the poeple before you.
  You escape the cave and feel the chill of the air and take a deep breath. You relize survival's not going to get any easier and you need to start immediatly.

(End of Tutorial)

  (Start of Snapshot!)

(You arive at a frozen lake on E5) 
You hear faint humming along with tapping on the ice from what appears to be from below the ice.
You walk along the ice when you noice a green, humanoid figure moving beneath the ice.
You continue on and notice frozen corpses of children trapped in time beneath you. Some trapped within the ice, some floating just underneath it.
You hear the humming again but louder along with the tapping. 
You get a cold chill down your spine
(You get a choice to either run or stand your ground)

(Stand your ground)
You feel the ice crack beneath you as it suddenly colapses
you see the humanoid figure swimming swiftly towards you
it appears to be a sea monster, a green half human half fish women, looks around 18 years old.

